- [Instructor] If you have access to the exercise files,
you can download them and follow along with me.
Let me show you what they look like.
You will have a folder called Exercise Files.
Inside that folder, you will have subdirectories
for each chapter that has exercises.
Within each chapter, you'll have subdirectories
for each video that has exercises.
And, within that directory,
you'll see a folder for the Begin and End states
of the exercises.
Let me walk you through opening up a project
in Spring Tool Suite.
You will need to type the name
of a new workspace that you want to create.
Click Launch and the IDE will open
with a fresh workspace
for you to begin importing all of the projects.
To import projects, go to the File menu, select Import.
Expand General, then choose
Existing Projects into the Workspace.
Then you browse to your file system
where you've downloaded your exercise files
and choose the project you want to import.
Once it's done importing,
you'll be ready to start working.